This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Diabetes Info Alexa skill collects, uses,
maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the Diabetes Information Alexa Skill app.

Personal identification information

We do not collect personal identification information from Users in any ways, including, but not
limited to, when Users visit our Alexa Skill, register on the app, and in connection with other activities, services,
features or resources we make available on our Alexa Skill. Users won't be asked for any information such as name, email address.
Users may, however, use our Alexa Skill anonymously. We will not collect personal identification information from Users only if
they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information,
except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Alexa Skills related activities.

Non-personal identification information

We do not collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Alexa Skill.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information
about Users means of connection to our Alexa Skill, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and
other similar information.

Web browser cookies

Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for
record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser
to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the app
may not function properly.

How we use collected information

Diabetes Info Alexa skill does not collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
 - To run and operate our Alexa Skill.
We do not need your information to function our Alexa Skill.
 - To personalize user experience.
We do not use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Alexa Skill.
We do not use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order.
It do not used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.

How we protect your information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access,
alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, transaction information and data stored on our Site.

Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We do not share generic
aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and
users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

Changes to this privacy policy

Diabetes Info Alexa skill has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do,
we will post a notification on the main page of our Privacy policy url, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping
to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to
review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your acceptance of these terms

By using this Diabetes info Alexa Skill, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not
use our Diabetes Info Alexa Skill. Your continued use of the Alexa Skill following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your
acceptance of those changes.

Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
please contact us.

This document was last updated on May 27, 2016
